Component diagram

CodeIgniter is a PHP web framework used to create MyTinerary. It
provides three major components encompassing the MVC architecture,
models, views, and controllers. Along with those three major components
CodeIgniter allows for other components that facilitates security
through encryption and provides database management.

The Views component represents the core user interface that users will
be seeing. In addition to that all the business logic handled by the
Models component is connected through the views which allow the views to
display all sub-components found in the models such as the Scheduler,
Student Profiles, and list of courses. The views component shall be
routinely redirected to a new page by the controller which is why it
also requires the Controller component.

The Controllers component comprises of several controller classes that
correspond to their respective Views class. This component handles any
user interaction with MyTinerary such as users navigating through tabs
or more attempting to add new courses onto the schedule. In essence, the
controllers redirect users to appropriate pages or dynamically update
current pages according to user selections. Because the controller
handles user selections it must require the models component to signal
any potential changes within the business logic such as removing a
course from the schedule.

The Models component is composed of several other sub-components that
together form the core of MyTinerary's domain logic. These
sub-components include the Scheduler, the Student, and the
Administrator. The scheduler component contains all the current course
information and possible schedules. In order to accomplish this it
provides an automatic schedule generator taking into account a students'
academic record in addition to their preferences. Therefore, in order to
make the schedule, the scheduler needs to access the data information
that comes from preferences entered by the student as well as his
student record. The scheduler is also capable of simply displaying all
available courses in a given semester.

The student component contains a student record and preferences. Note
that the preferences component and the student record component are
found within the student subsystem. This indicates that these components
are different based on the user of the application. A separate
administrator component is also defined to differentiate the role of a
Student and Administrator. Students may only query the database for data
access while administrators can query and modify the database. For
instance, administrators can add, remove, or update any class
information while students may only view class listings. The
administrators are also capable of directly accessing any student
profile and manually altering their schedules. All user and course
information are stored in the MySQL database component that is hosted
both locally and within the cloud. As mentioned earlier, many of the
models sub-components are linked to the views component in order to
display the information.

An external component that requires the CodeIgniter framework to
function is the security. The security provides encryption and secure
access and logout to MyTinerary.
