\documentclass[paper=a4, fontsize=11pt]{scrartcl}
\usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
\usepackage{fourier}
\usepackage[english]{babel}
\usepackage{amsmath,amsfonts,amsthm}
\usepackage[margin=0.5in]{geometry}
\usepackage{enumitem}
\setlist{noitemsep}
\usepackage{color}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
\usepackage[compact]{titlesec}
\titlespacing*{\section}{0pt}{6pt}{6pt}
\titlespacing*{\subsection}{0pt}{6pt}{6pt}

\begin{document}
\thispagestyle{empty}

\begin{center}
\textbf{Team AnotherOne \qquad Project Mytinerary \\ Minutes for Meeting}
\vspace{0.33cm}
\end{center}

\textbf{Date and Time: } Friday January 22, 11:00PM \\
\textbf{Location: } H961-26 \\

\begin{center}
\begin{tabular}{| m{4cm} | m{4cm} |} \hline
\textbf{Members} & \textbf{Present} \\ \hline
Annamalai, Piratheeban & Yes \\ \hline
Lam, Laurendy          & Yes \\ \hline
Luo, Jacqueline        & Yes \\ \hline
Mescheder, Michael     & Yes \\ \hline
Nguyen, Andy           & No  \\ \hline
Nguyen, Kenny          & Yes \\ \hline
Pang, Ronn             & Yes \\ \hline
Payette, Eric          & Yes \\ \hline
Power, Alessandro      & Yes \\ \hline
Talarico, James        & Yes \\ \hline
Velauthapillai, Pragas & Yes \\ \hline
Vu-Nguyen, Anhkhoi     & Yes \\ \hline
\end{tabular}
\end{center}

\subsection*{Minutes of the Meeting}
\subsubsection*{Discussion and Decisions}
\begin{itemize}
    \item The details and proper usage of Git branches was clarified with the goal of
    helping to organize the workflow on GitHub.
    \item The programming group lead by Laurendy discussed the user interface and what features are expected to be included in it.
    \item The documentation group divided the work for the first deliverable and discussed
    what was to be included in each section.
    \item The possibility of creating and distributing a student survey to evaluate
    user preferences was raised, with the group concluding that it was a good idea that
    should be proceeded with.
\end{itemize}

\subsubsection*{Decisions}
\begin{itemize}
    \item The profile page is expected to be completed by January 24.
    \item Members of the programming group are expected decide how the user interface would
    interact with the rest of the scheduler for next meeting.
    \item The content for the preliminary portions of deliverable 1 was divided as follows: Kenny was made responsible for the project description, Alessandro for the goals and constraints, Andy for the resource evaluation, and James for the solution sketch.
    \item Drafts for the above sections will be completed for next meeting.
    \item The remaining items in deliverable 1 will be completed after these initial sections have been written.
    \item A student survey will be conducted to help refine the project goals; team members
    are expected to contribute survey questions over the course of the following days.
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\color{red}{Next Meeting: Friday, January 29 11:00PM}}

\end{document}
